TEST_CASE_CATALOGUE.md, before:

This file is a catalogue of jacotest cases. Entries appear in UTF-8 order.
<br>
<br>
| `Name` | `Description`
| :------------ | :--- |
|<img width=90/>|<img width=600/>|
|  HELPERS  | Check observed-vs-expected, file utilities, hex dump, prime number utilities |
|  array-copy  |  System.arraycopy using several primitive and object types |
|  array-list-iterator  | ArrayList and Iterator functions |
|  arrays-1  | Access time of array elements of type byte, char, int, float, double, and String |
|  arrays-copyof  | New arrays by copying elements from the originals |
|  atomic-integer  | java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger functions |
|  beetlejuice  | Loop stability of byte to String conversions |
|  big-decimal*  | java.math.BigDecimal tests |
|  big-integer*  | java.math.BigInteger tests |
|  big-rational  | BigRational tests |
|  bit-shifting*  | Shifting bits of integers |
|  blockchain  | Create a blockchain, amend it, and validate it |
|  blocking-queues-2-3-5 | Solve the 2,3,5 problem; blocking queues |
|  blum-blum-shub | Blum-Blum-Shub (BBS) Algorithm for PseudoRandom Number Generation |
|  bohr-atom  | Compute properties of the Bohr model of the atom  |
|  boolean  | Boolean primitive tests |
|  cached-thread-pool  | Thread pool that scales dynamically, maximizes parallelism |
|  casting  | Casting between primitive variable types |
|  catch-8-survivor  | try-catch 8 levels deep |
|  charset-encoding  | java.nio.charset.Charset, InputStreamReader.getEncoding() |
|  checkcast  | Exercise JVM CHECKCAST |
|  cmath-in-java-source  | Complex variables |
|  crc  | java.util.zip.Adler32, java.util.zip.CRC32, java.util.zip.CRC32C |
|  crypto-* | 3fish, salsa, and speck cryptography |
|  db-sqlite  | SQLITE with a JDBC |
|  dedupe-hacked  | "Looks for duplicate files based on CRC-32 file sizes and checksums" from @platypusguy |
|  desi  | DES algorithm in Java |
|  desi-reduced | Call functions of an object from outside and inside the object |
|  elliptic-*  | Elliptic cryptography |
|  emission-line-spectra  | Emission line spectra from an element table |
|  emission-line-spectra-nofuncs  | Less complex emission-line-spectra |
|  enigma-machine  | Alan Turing's Enigma Machine |
|  enum-*  | Enumerated types |
|  ex-catch-assertion-error  | Cause and catch an assertion error |
|  ex-catch-big-integer  | Same as ex-catch-assertion-error but using java.math.BigInteger |
|  ex-catch-called-func-parseint  | Cause a NumberFormatException inside a called function and catch it in the caller function |
|  ex-catch-idiv  | Loop stability of catching division by zero |
|  ex-catch-multi-frame  | Throw and catch several types of exceptions at various function-call levels |
|  ex-catch-null-ptr  | Cause and catch a null pointer exception |
|  ex-catch-parseint  | Loop stability of causing and catching a NumberFormatException |
|  ex-catch-plus-jj | catch NumberFormatException in a called function + use the JJ technique for dumping statics |
|  ex-catch-user-ex  | Cause and catch a user-defined exception |
|  ex-finally  | Cause and catch a NumberFormatException + finally processing |
|  ex-finally-2  | Loop stability of causing and catching a NumberFormatException + finally processing |
|  ex-multilevel  | Causing and catching a NumberFormatException + finally processing at multiple try-catch levels |
|  fits  | Read and process a FITS file |
|  floor-div-mod-mix  | For int and long: floor, div, mod using try-catch |
|  hashed-*  | java.util.HashMap & HashSet |
|  hex-decode-numeric  | Loop stability of decoding numeric values |
|  hexxed | java.util.HexMap |
|  http-client-server  | Simple non-secure web client and server |
|  https-client-getter  | Simple secure web GET |
|  iface-lorentz | Lorentz transform using a Java interface (Physics) |
|  iface-* | Java interface |
|  iinc-iadd-isub | Exercise IINC, IADD, and ISUB |
|  imageio-output  | Simple writing to a PNG file  |
|  integer*  | java.lang.Integer |
|  io_file*  | java.io file operations |
|  JACOBIN-0161-0229-classes  | Class methods inside and outside the main class |
|  JACOBIN-0161-instantiate-class  | Class methods in a file separate from the main class |
|  JACOBIN-0211-pbcrypto  | Password-based cryptography using AES/CBC/PKCS5Padding |
|  JACOBIN-0217-multidim-2d  | 2D matrices |
|  JACOBIN-0217-multidim-3d  | 3D matrices |
|  JACOBIN-0227-string-array  | Simple array of Strings |
|  JACOBIN-0231-stats  | Statistical mean, standard deviation, and correlation plus a square root algorithm (Babylonian) |
|  JACOBIN-0234-0240-0241-array-length  | Simple array length calculations |
|  JACOBIN-0236-bitwise  | Shifting bits of integers part 2 |
|  JACOBIN-0236-minus-signs  | Algebraic signs of integers |
|  JACOBIN-0237-nil-printlns  | System.out.println with no arguments |
|  JACOBIN-0251-array-type-perf  | Loop stability of various types of arrays part 1 |
|  JACOBIN-0263-gc  | Loop stability of various types of arrays part 2 |
|  JACOBIN-0279-simple-switch  | Simple integer-based switch |
|  JACOBIN-0281-get-property  | System.getProperty for several arguments |
|  JACOBIN-0288-aastore-field-type  | Simple AASTORE test |
|  JACOBIN-0290-string-length  | String lengths and related functions |
|  JACOBIN-0293-drem  | DREM test |
|  JACOBIN-0310-vector-survivor  | Simple vector of Integer objects |
|  JACOBIN-0311-for-loop-G-pop  | PUSH/POP stability |
|  JACOBIN-0312-FCMPG  | FCMP test |
|  JACOBIN-0314-java-lang-math  | java/lang/Math |
|  JACOBIN-0314-java-lang-strictmath  | java/lang/StrictMath |
|  JACOBIN-0314-loop-survival  | Stress test with multiple object and primitive types |
|  JACOBIN-0319-println-object  | System.out.println(object) with several types of objects |
|  JACOBIN-0322-default-locale  | java.util.Locale |
|  JACOBIN-0325-super-*  | Objects of superclasses |
|  JACOBIN-0329-nonfinals  | Finals vs nonfinals |
|  JACOBIN-0337-static-inits  | Static initializer blocks |
|  JACOBIN-0369-simplified-0290  | String lengths and related functions, simplified for analysis |
|  JACOBIN-0386-0387-strings-again  | Strings and byte arrays |
|  JACOBIN-0393-pot-pourri  | Formatting simple types  |
|  JACOBIN-0393-two-strings  | Formatting simple types in another way |
|  JACOBIN-0433-HexFormat  | java.util.HexFormat |
|  JACOBIN-0434-short-value  | Short values |
|  JACOBIN-0435-format-int-as-hex  | Format integers in hex |
|  JACOBIN-0476-arraycopy  | System.arraycopy |
|  JACOBIN-0587-statics-survival  | Statics |
|  JACOBIN-0760-submethod  | Methods of a subclass |
|  jar-execute-1  | Use one jar in execute mode (jvm -jar jarname.jar). Employ a calculator in the top-level directory (same as main.class). |
|  jar-execute-2  | Use one jar in execute mode (jvm -jar jarname.jar). Employ a calculator from subdirectory middle/calculator. |
|  jar-execute-3  | Use two jars: jar#1 in execute mode and jar#2 is part of the Class-Path in the manifest of jar#1. |
|  java17-enhancements  | Java 17 enhancements to the previous release |
|  java-logging  | java.util.logging |
|  jj-* | Special non-Java utility Jacobin gfunctions |
|  kalman-filtering  | Kalman Filter |
|  lambdas-maps  | Lambdas, maps, interfaces |
|  linked-list*  | Lists and linked lists |
|  magic-square  | Magic Square 13x13 |
|  math-context  | BigDecimal, RoundingMode, and MathContext |
|  math-in-java-source  | Math functions in Java language |
|  merkletrees  | Merkle tree |
|  miller-rabin-test  | Miller-Rabin primality test |
|  mobile-* | Mobile network functions |
|  natives-double  | Double to long to double conversions |
|  natives-float  | Float to int to float conversions |
|  nbody  | N-body simulation execution |
|  nbody-lite-labels  | N-body simulation starting values with labels |
|  nbody-lite-nolabels  | N-body simulation starting values without labels |
|  nio-charset  | java.nio.charset.* |
|  nth-root  | Nth root, where N=13 |
|  numbers-chars-strings  | Functions associated with char, double, int, and String |
|  packaging-*  | Import packages |
|  paillier-cryptosystem  | Pascal Paillier cryptosystem |
|  parse-int  | Integer parsing |
|  perf-base-instantiate  | Stress test of various object instantiations |
|  pi-digits-bbp | Pi calculated with the Bailey-Borwein-Plouffe algorithm |
|  playfair  | Playfair-Wheatstone cipher algorithm |
|  print-objects-linked-lists  | LinkedList, BigInteger |
|  process-handle  | ProcessHandle interface |
|  properties  | java.util.Properties |
|  random-1  | java.util.Random |
|  rational-polynomial |  java.math.BigInteger, user RationalPolynomial, user BigRational  |
|  recursion  | Fibonacci sequence using recursion |
|  rounding-mode* | BigDecimal, RoundingMode |
|  rsa-mini  | RSA Public and Private Key simple cryptography |
|  rsa-unrandom  | Like rsa-mini but without random key generation |
|  salesman  | The traveling salesman problem |
|  scimark2  | Scimark v2 |
|  scimark2-LU-only  | Scimark v2 - abbreviated significantly |
|  secure-random  | java.security.SecureRandom, Provider, SecureRandomSpi, and java.util.HexFormat |
|  sha3  | SHA-3 calculator |
|  sieve  | Sieve of Eratosthenes |
|  sockets  | Client and server socket pair |
|  solitairgraphy  | Cryptography with a deck of cards (Bruce Schneier) |
|  specrel  | Special Relativity calculations |
|  stack-walk  | Walk and verify a Java stack |
|  stat-distros |  generate pseudo-random numbers from some statistical distributions  |
|  stringbuffer-*  | StringBuffer functions |
|  stringbuilder-*  | StringBuilder functions |
|  stringer-*  | String functions |
|  stringtokenizer  | String token parsing |
|  switcheroo*  | JVM TABLESWITCH and LOOKUPSWITCH |
|  taylor-series  | Taylor Series with rational library functions |
|  taylor-series-2  | Taylor series exercise without the rational library functions |
|  threading*  | Multi-threading |
|  tiffy  | TIF reading |
|  tls-one-way  | One-way TLS |
|  two-fish  | Two-fish cryptography |
|  two-pass  | Two-pass Assembler |
|  vector*  | Vector functions |
|  walker  | java.nio.file.Files, Path, and Paths |
|  warp-speed  | Calculations to/from warp speed (Physics) |
|  wide  | JVM WIDE |
|  zippy  | Zip file read |

Commit message:

New test case: jar-library-1

TEST_CASE_CATALOGUE.md, after:

This file is a catalogue of jacotest cases. Entries appear in UTF-8 order.
<br>
<br>
| `Name` | `Description`
| :------------ | :--- |
|<img width=90/>|<img width=600/>|
|  HELPERS  | Check observed-vs-expected, file utilities, hex dump, prime number utilities |
|  array-copy  |  System.arraycopy using several primitive and object types |
|  array-list-iterator  | ArrayList and Iterator functions |
|  arrays-1  | Access time of array elements of type byte, char, int, float, double, and String |
|  arrays-copyof  | New arrays by copying elements from the originals |
|  atomic-integer  | java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger functions |
|  beetlejuice  | Loop stability of byte to String conversions |
|  big-decimal*  | java.math.BigDecimal tests |
|  big-integer*  | java.math.BigInteger tests |
|  big-rational  | BigRational tests |
|  bit-shifting*  | Shifting bits of integers |
|  blockchain  | Create a blockchain, amend it, and validate it |
|  blocking-queues-2-3-5 | Solve the 2,3,5 problem; blocking queues |
|  blum-blum-shub | Blum-Blum-Shub (BBS) Algorithm for PseudoRandom Number Generation |
|  bohr-atom  | Compute properties of the Bohr model of the atom  |
|  boolean  | Boolean primitive tests |
|  cached-thread-pool  | Thread pool that scales dynamically, maximizes parallelism |
|  casting  | Casting between primitive variable types |
|  catch-8-survivor  | try-catch 8 levels deep |
|  charset-encoding  | java.nio.charset.Charset, InputStreamReader.getEncoding() |
|  checkcast  | Exercise JVM CHECKCAST |
|  cmath-in-java-source  | Complex variables |
|  crc  | java.util.zip.Adler32, java.util.zip.CRC32, java.util.zip.CRC32C |
|  crypto-* | 3fish, salsa, and speck cryptography |
|  db-sqlite  | SQLITE with a JDBC |
|  dedupe-hacked  | "Looks for duplicate files based on CRC-32 file sizes and checksums" from @platypusguy |
|  desi  | DES algorithm in Java |
|  desi-reduced | Call functions of an object from outside and inside the object |
|  elliptic-*  | Elliptic cryptography |
|  emission-line-spectra  | Emission line spectra from an element table |
|  emission-line-spectra-nofuncs  | Less complex emission-line-spectra |
|  enigma-machine  | Alan Turing's Enigma Machine |
|  enum-*  | Enumerated types |
|  ex-catch-assertion-error  | Cause and catch an assertion error |
|  ex-catch-big-integer  | Same as ex-catch-assertion-error but using java.math.BigInteger |
|  ex-catch-called-func-parseint  | Cause a NumberFormatException inside a called function and catch it in the caller function |
|  ex-catch-idiv  | Loop stability of catching division by zero |
|  ex-catch-multi-frame  | Throw and catch several types of exceptions at various function-call levels |
|  ex-catch-null-ptr  | Cause and catch a null pointer exception |
|  ex-catch-parseint  | Loop stability of causing and catching a NumberFormatException |
|  ex-catch-plus-jj | catch NumberFormatException in a called function + use the JJ technique for dumping statics |
|  ex-catch-user-ex  | Cause and catch a user-defined exception |
|  ex-finally  | Cause and catch a NumberFormatException + finally processing |
|  ex-finally-2  | Loop stability of causing and catching a NumberFormatException + finally processing |
|  ex-multilevel  | Causing and catching a NumberFormatException + finally processing at multiple try-catch levels |
|  fits  | Read and process a FITS file |
|  floor-div-mod-mix  | For int and long: floor, div, mod using try-catch |
|  hashed-*  | java.util.HashMap & HashSet |
|  hex-decode-numeric  | Loop stability of decoding numeric values |
|  hexxed | java.util.HexMap |
|  http-client-server  | Simple non-secure web client and server |
|  https-client-getter  | Simple secure web GET |
|  iface-lorentz | Lorentz transform using a Java interface (Physics) |
|  iface-* | Java interface |
|  iinc-iadd-isub | Exercise IINC, IADD, and ISUB |
|  imageio-output  | Simple writing to a PNG file  |
|  integer*  | java.lang.Integer |
|  io_file*  | java.io file operations |
|  JACOBIN-0161-0229-classes  | Class methods inside and outside the main class |
|  JACOBIN-0161-instantiate-class  | Class methods in a file separate from the main class |
|  JACOBIN-0211-pbcrypto  | Password-based cryptography using AES/CBC/PKCS5Padding |
|  JACOBIN-0217-multidim-2d  | 2D matrices |
|  JACOBIN-0217-multidim-3d  | 3D matrices |
|  JACOBIN-0227-string-array  | Simple array of Strings |
|  JACOBIN-0231-stats  | Statistical mean, standard deviation, and correlation plus a square root algorithm (Babylonian) |
|  JACOBIN-0234-0240-0241-array-length  | Simple array length calculations |
|  JACOBIN-0236-bitwise  | Shifting bits of integers part 2 |
|  JACOBIN-0236-minus-signs  | Algebraic signs of integers |
|  JACOBIN-0237-nil-printlns  | System.out.println with no arguments |
|  JACOBIN-0251-array-type-perf  | Loop stability of various types of arrays part 1 |
|  JACOBIN-0263-gc  | Loop stability of various types of arrays part 2 |
|  JACOBIN-0279-simple-switch  | Simple integer-based switch |
|  JACOBIN-0281-get-property  | System.getProperty for several arguments |
|  JACOBIN-0288-aastore-field-type  | Simple AASTORE test |
|  JACOBIN-0290-string-length  | String lengths and related functions |
|  JACOBIN-0293-drem  | DREM test |
|  JACOBIN-0310-vector-survivor  | Simple vector of Integer objects |
|  JACOBIN-0311-for-loop-G-pop  | PUSH/POP stability |
|  JACOBIN-0312-FCMPG  | FCMP test |
|  JACOBIN-0314-java-lang-math  | java/lang/Math |
|  JACOBIN-0314-java-lang-strictmath  | java/lang/StrictMath |
|  JACOBIN-0314-loop-survival  | Stress test with multiple object and primitive types |
|  JACOBIN-0319-println-object  | System.out.println(object) with several types of objects |
|  JACOBIN-0322-default-locale  | java.util.Locale |
|  JACOBIN-0325-super-*  | Objects of superclasses |
|  JACOBIN-0329-nonfinals  | Finals vs nonfinals |
|  JACOBIN-0337-static-inits  | Static initializer blocks |
|  JACOBIN-0369-simplified-0290  | String lengths and related functions, simplified for analysis |
|  JACOBIN-0386-0387-strings-again  | Strings and byte arrays |
|  JACOBIN-0393-pot-pourri  | Formatting simple types  |
|  JACOBIN-0393-two-strings  | Formatting simple types in another way |
|  JACOBIN-0433-HexFormat  | java.util.HexFormat |
|  JACOBIN-0434-short-value  | Short values |
|  JACOBIN-0435-format-int-as-hex  | Format integers in hex |
|  JACOBIN-0476-arraycopy  | System.arraycopy |
|  JACOBIN-0587-statics-survival  | Statics |
|  JACOBIN-0760-submethod  | Methods of a subclass |
|  jar-execute-1  | Create one jar for use in execute mode (jvm -jar jarname.jar). Employ a calculator in the top-level directory (same as main.class). |
|  jar-execute-2  | Create one jar for use in execute mode (jvm -jar jarname.jar). Employ a calculator from subdirectory middle/calculator. |
|  jar-execute-3  | Create two jars: jar#1 in execute mode and jar#2 is part of the Class-Path in the manifest of jar#1. |
|  jar-library-1  | Create one jar for use in library mode. |
|  java17-enhancements  | Java 17 enhancements to the previous release |
|  java-logging  | java.util.logging |
|  jj-* | Special non-Java utility Jacobin gfunctions |
|  kalman-filtering  | Kalman Filter |
|  lambdas-maps  | Lambdas, maps, interfaces |
|  linked-list*  | Lists and linked lists |
|  magic-square  | Magic Square 13x13 |
|  math-context  | BigDecimal, RoundingMode, and MathContext |
|  math-in-java-source  | Math functions in Java language |
|  merkletrees  | Merkle tree |
|  miller-rabin-test  | Miller-Rabin primality test |
|  mobile-* | Mobile network functions |
|  natives-double  | Double to long to double conversions |
|  natives-float  | Float to int to float conversions |
|  nbody  | N-body simulation execution |
|  nbody-lite-labels  | N-body simulation starting values with labels |
|  nbody-lite-nolabels  | N-body simulation starting values without labels |
|  nio-charset  | java.nio.charset.* |
|  nth-root  | Nth root, where N=13 |
|  numbers-chars-strings  | Functions associated with char, double, int, and String |
|  packaging-*  | Import packages |
|  paillier-cryptosystem  | Pascal Paillier cryptosystem |
|  parse-int  | Integer parsing |
|  perf-base-instantiate  | Stress test of various object instantiations |
|  pi-digits-bbp | Pi calculated with the Bailey-Borwein-Plouffe algorithm |
|  playfair  | Playfair-Wheatstone cipher algorithm |
|  print-objects-linked-lists  | LinkedList, BigInteger |
|  process-handle  | ProcessHandle interface |
|  properties  | java.util.Properties |
|  random-1  | java.util.Random |
|  rational-polynomial |  java.math.BigInteger, user RationalPolynomial, user BigRational  |
|  recursion  | Fibonacci sequence using recursion |
|  rounding-mode* | BigDecimal, RoundingMode |
|  rsa-mini  | RSA Public and Private Key simple cryptography |
|  rsa-unrandom  | Like rsa-mini but without random key generation |
|  salesman  | The traveling salesman problem |
|  scimark2  | Scimark v2 |
|  scimark2-LU-only  | Scimark v2 - abbreviated significantly |
|  secure-random  | java.security.SecureRandom, Provider, SecureRandomSpi, and java.util.HexFormat |
|  sha3  | SHA-3 calculator |
|  sieve  | Sieve of Eratosthenes |
|  sockets  | Client and server socket pair |
|  solitairgraphy  | Cryptography with a deck of cards (Bruce Schneier) |
|  specrel  | Special Relativity calculations |
|  stack-walk  | Walk and verify a Java stack |
|  stat-distros |  generate pseudo-random numbers from some statistical distributions  |
|  stringbuffer-*  | StringBuffer functions |
|  stringbuilder-*  | StringBuilder functions |
|  stringer-*  | String functions |
|  stringtokenizer  | String token parsing |
|  switcheroo*  | JVM TABLESWITCH and LOOKUPSWITCH |
|  taylor-series  | Taylor Series with rational library functions |
|  taylor-series-2  | Taylor series exercise without the rational library functions |
|  threading*  | Multi-threading |
|  tiffy  | TIF reading |
|  tls-one-way  | One-way TLS |
|  two-fish  | Two-fish cryptography |
|  two-pass  | Two-pass Assembler |
|  vector*  | Vector functions |
|  walker  | java.nio.file.Files, Path, and Paths |
|  warp-speed  | Calculations to/from warp speed (Physics) |
|  wide  | JVM WIDE |
|  zippy  | Zip file read |
